---R-Squared---

SSres = SUM (Yi - Yi^)^2
SStot = SUM (Yi - Yavg)^2

R^2 = 1 - ( SSres / SStot)

The goal is to minimize SSres and SStot  because this represents the best fit line meaning that there 
is the minimum amount of distance between the data points and the line. 

While SSres and SStot become smaller R^2 is inching towards a value of 1 which is ideal but never happens.

---Adjusted R-Squared---

R^2 - Goodness of fit (greater the better)

Problem with this - when you add more variables to your model

if you add another variable will never decrease R^2

Adujusted R^2:

1 - (1 - R^2)(n-1 / n - p - 1)

p - number of regressors
n - sample size

Adjusted R squared penalizes the model for variables that do not help. 
(Penalized for each added varaible but balanced out if variable is helping model)

---

When looking at the statistics for a model (Like when we did with the backwards elimination process), 
even if the signifigance level falls slightly short of the 0.05 limit we imposed, we must also look 
at adjusted R squared to decide if our model is getting better or worse.

Remember: Adjusted R Squared indicates how strong your model is by being as close to 1 as possible


---

Interpreting Linear Regression Coefficients 

Positive - Correlated with dependent variable 
Negitive - Inversely correleated with dependent variable

Alwyas say magnatude in terms of units of the dependent variable

The per unit trick -- express the signifigance of the variables in terms of
per unit. For example, the multilinear regression model says that R&D has a
coefficient of (7.99 - 01) which can be interpretted to for every dollar extra
spent on R&D, an additional .79 cents will be added to profit.


--- --- Conclusion --- ---


After learning about these six regression models, you are probably asking yourself the following questions:

    What are the pros and cons of each model ?
    How do I know which model to choose for my problem ?
    How can I improve each of these models ?

Let's answer each of these questions one by one:

1. What are the pros and cons of each model ?

Please find here a cheat-sheet that gives you all the pros and the cons of each regression model.

2. How do I know which model to choose for my problem ?

First, you need to figure out whether your problem is linear or non linear. You will learn how to do that in Part 10 - Model Selection. Then:

If your problem is linear, you should go for Simple Linear Regression if you only have one feature, and Multiple Linear Regression if you have several features.

If your problem is non linear, you should go for Polynomial Regression, SVR, Decision Tree or Random Forest. Then which one should you choose among these four ? That you will learn in Part 10 - Model Selection. The method consists of using a very relevant technique that evaluates your models performance, called k-Fold Cross Validation, and then picking the model that shows the best results. Feel free to jump directly to Part 10 if you already want to learn how to do that.

3. How can I improve each of these models ?

In Part 10 - Model Selection, you will find the second section dedicated to Parameter Tuning, that will allow you to improve the performance of your models, by tuning them. You probably already noticed that each model is composed of two types of parameters:

    the parameters that are learnt, for example the coefficients in Linear Regression,
    the hyperparameters.

The hyperparameters are the parameters that are not learnt and that are fixed values inside the model equations. For example, the regularization parameter lambda or the penalty parameter C are hyperparameters. So far we used the default value of these hyperparameters, and we haven't searched for their optimal value so that your model reaches even higher performance. Finding their optimal value is exactly what Parameter Tuning is about. So for those of you already interested in improving your model performance and doing some parameter tuning, feel free to jump directly to Part 10 - Model Selection.
